.Net: fix up the links so they point to the right spot (#12517)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: dotnet/samples/GettingStartedWithAgents/README.md

| [Step03_Assistant_Vision](OpenAIAssistant/Step03_Assistant_Vision.cs)                           | How to provide an image as input to an Open AI Assistant agent.      |
| [Step04_AssistantTool_CodeInterpreter](OpenAIAssistant/Step04_AssistantTool_CodeInterpreter.cs) | How to use the code-interpreter tool for an Open AI Assistant agent. |
| [Step05_AssistantTool_FileSearch](OpenAIAssistant/Step05_AssistantTool_FileSearch.cs)           | How to use the file-search tool for an Open AI Assistant agent.      |

### Azure AI Agent

| Example                                                                                    | Description                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Step01_AzureAIAgent](AzureAIAgent/Step01_AzureAIAgent.cs)                                 | How to create an `AzureAIAgent`.                            |
| [Step02_AzureAIAgent_Plugins](AzureAIAgent/Step02_AzureAIAgent_Plugins.cs)                 | How to create an `AzureAIAgent`.                            |

> | [Step03_AzureAIAgent_Chat](AzureAIAgent/Step03_AzureAIAgent_Chat.cs)                       | How create a conversation with `AzureAIAgent`s.             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Step03_AzureAIAgent_Vision](AzureAIAgent/Step03_AzureAIAgent_Vision.cs)                       | How to add vision to an `AzureAIAgent`.             |
```

| [Step03_CopilotStudioAgent_WebSearch](CopilotStudioAgent/Step03_CopilotStudioAgent_WebSearch.cs) | How to use `CopilotStudioAgent` with web-search enabled.                         |

### Orchestration

| Example                                                                                           | Description                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Step01_Concurrent](Orchestration/Step01_Concurrent.cs)                                           | How to use a concurrent orchestration.                                |
| [Step01a_ConcurrentWithStructuredOutput](Orchestration/Step01a_ConcurrentWithStructuredOutput.cs) | How to use structured output (with concurrent orchestration).         |
| [Step02_Sequential](Orchestration/Step02_Sequential.cs)                                           | How to use sequential orchestration.                                  |

> | [Step02a_Sequential](Orchestration/Step02a_Sequential.cs)                                         | How to cancel an orchestration (with sequential orchestration).       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Step02a_SequentialCancellation](Orchestration/Step02a_SequentialCancellation.cs)                                         | How to cancel an orchestration (with sequential orchestration).       |
```

| [Step03_GroupChat](Orchestration/Step03_GroupChat.cs)                                             | How to use group-chat orchestration.                                  |
| [Step03a_GroupChatWithHumanInTheLoop](Orchestration/Step03a_GroupChatWithHumanInTheLoop.cs)       | How to use group-chat orchestration with human in the loop.           |
| [Step03b_GroupChatWithAIManager](Orchestration/Step03b_GroupChatWithAIManager.cs)                 | How to use group-chat orchestration with an AI-powered group-manager. |
| [Step04_Handoff](Orchestration/Step04_Handoff.cs)                                                 | How to use handoff orchestration.                                     |

> | [Step04b_HandoffWithStructuredInput](Orchestration/Step04b_HandoffWithStructuredInput.cs)         | How to use structured input (with handoff orchestration).             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Step05_Magentic](Orchestration/Step05_Magentic.cs)         | How to use Magentic).             |
| [Step06_DifferentAgentTypes](Orchestration/Step06_DifferentAgentTypes.cs)         | Mixing agent types).             |
```
